Roewe said yes
After finishing this order, you must help me find my grandfather
Don't worry, it's a good life
You will naturally see him after completing the task
The target is the Congenital Peak Dancer
You only get one shot.
You have to.
And hit less verbose
To see grandpa
Damn this innate dancer is so sharp
Xiaoxin issued a sniper rifle
I didn't even remember the armored car
Damn it, we dare not fight back?
The depth is to
The police must
God really chases life
Is this the day
A life-long killing move that I don't want to show
God really should come out of the real curse
Left the rules
I'm back!
Who sent you?
Where is the person who casts the holy chase?
I need to see him.
As long as you see him
I'll tell you everything.
Who are you and why are you looking for me?
You are the one who casts the holy chase
Are you lying to me?
If false, replace it.
Can you say it now?
Jiang Yang Xuanzhen is the legendary 50 of our Ping family.
What is your relationship with him?
Your flat house
Are you the master's granddaughter?
master